so I went to the Sunrise Florida
Sawgrass Mills a Lego store of course I
found mr. gold ad target and you see
that video it's up on my channel but I
got a lot of sets so I'm going to do a
little haul videos I likes calling them
and this is the only thing I did get
from Target mr. Gold's number three five
four five about 5000 so you see that
video you put it up and first off I got
this poster right here it's a second
Iron Man three Lego poster got the first
one it was a little bit damaged but I
got that last time until later which I
showed in my last haul video jor-el
Russell Crowe right there from Man of
Steel let me put everything like this uh
LEGO Club magazine I already got another
I got like three copies of this Lauren
oh I got to like accidentally
unsubscribe to live it for a bogey
Myra what else is there there's the
monthly mini build which is really cool
is the fishermen and the whole reason I
want to get it and why when today
because it does come with a orange fish
which is actually a really rare piece it
came in the pet shop and in that a
friends andrea polybag of course that
friends andrea polybag was never
released in the US or at least not now
so that is cool yeah this summer seen
and I said yeah I'm gonna say my biggest
set I got the last but I did get me see
the calendar for ho penises hey yeah
this is the July 1 I want to get a
closer look on this and so we got that
started didn't focus an alternate
catalog which is cool cuz the Lego store
is now that you're doing that um if the
male one is different from the Lego
store one so this one is Superman so
that's really cool this right here and
it finally the woman I finally got this
set right here
the wizard dual set for Lord of the
Rings summer 2013 finally out of the
biggest stuff you could kind of guess
what Lord of the Rings set do I really
want and that is the Blackgate set which
is just amazing it's a fantastic set
from what I've seen there's so many cool
figures and 656 pieces and it's only $60
so yeah that's what I got the coolest
thing is of course mr. gold but I did
get a lot of other cool stuff up to
jor-el polybag the summer scene so here
you go kind of everything sir it's a
little discombobulated and so that is it
and I hope you'll have a nice day I'll
be uploading these reviews later sorry I
haven't really been a responsive or
uploading any videos recently but school
ends Thursday so I will start doing
stuff then I might upload one or two
videos today or maybe a third one so
yeah that's it and I do have off
tomorrow I might put up a review there
so that is everything I got from the
Lego store Sunrise Florida which is in
the south so peace out guys